DOCSP-48659: New CMake packages (#103)
mongodb/docs-c: source/get-started.txt

        
      .. code-block:: cmake
       
         find_package(mongoc CONFIG REQUIRED)
         target_link_libraries(my-application PRIVATE mongoc::mongoc)
        
      .. note::
        
         In the preceding example, the ``mongoc::mongoc`` target
         points to either the static library or the shared library.
         The library type depends on which one is available and
         whichever type the user specifies in the ``MONGOC_DEFAULT_IMPORTED_LIBRARY_TYPE``
         configuration setting. If you don't set this value and

>          both library types are available, ``libmongoc`` builds with
>          the static library.

Reviewer: Wording tweak:

```suggestion
         both library types are available, ``mongoc::mongoc`` uses
         the static library.
```

Would also add a note about the similar `bson::bson` and `BSON_DEFAULT_IMPORTED_LIBRARY_TYPE` options.

Author: Fixed! I'll add the bson information to the [What's New](https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/DOCSP-48738)
